[Queues] Document Queues sendBatch method in javascript-apis.md (#7023)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/changelog.md

---
pcx_content_type: changelog
title: Changelog
weight: 11
---

# Changelog

## 2022-12-12

### Increased per-account limits

Queues now allows developers to create up to 100 queues per account, up from the initial beta limit of 10 per account. This limit will continue to increase over time.

## 2022-12-13

> ### Queue sendBatch support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### sendBatch support
```

> Queues Javascript API now includes `sendBatch` which supports sending up to 100 messages at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript API for Queue producers now includes a `sendBatch` method which supports sending up to 100 messages at a time.
```
